welcome to an on-location unboxing of
the funk surface 10:30 XL we're actually
in the middle of our production set for
our video about the making of the funk
m3s Gaming Mouse
so we we figured since we have a few m3
S's because we have to do some funky
stuff with them we can unbox that later
but this one since we got to open it
there might as well unbox it now so this
is if you guys don't know funk it's
probably because you haven't been on the
gaming scene for long enough because
funk mouse pads have been around for a
super long time I have an ancient funk
pad that's still running on my in-laws
computer still tracks perfectly like the
day I got it it's a soft one anyway this
is the original dual sided Mouse surface
concept yes punks claim to fame was
their old dual sided mouse pads where
they had a smooth side on one side and a
rough side on the other side so if you
like it smooth then you can do that if
you like it rough then you can do that
too large tracking area large rubber
feet this is the XL version so there is
him a large version so this is this is
extra large as you can tell from the box
it's quite large it's about one Linus
body width in height and then about I
don't know two whatever of those is in
length so let's not worry too much about
that let's open this bad boy up all
started in 1999 in sunny California
bunch of passionate gamers and friends
got fed up with computer gear not
cutting it after a successful launch of
the surface 10:30 the archetype was
introduced to the market so there's a
little bit of history of funk and don't
be fooled into thinking performance can
be heightened by adding more features
rather than perfecting core functions so
here is a piece of foam over top of it
that protects the mousepad itself here
is him no ok get a funk insider account
you can be a beta tester and all kinds
of interesting neat stuff like that cool
here's a little pull tab so you can open
it up and get the most out it's nice
little velvety thing that it sits on the
packaging is outstanding this is some of
the best packaging I think I've seen on
a mousepad so the original dual sided
nose pad large rubber feet on the bottom
check that out
oh those are nice those are your like
super like okay it's hard to make my
point of how grippy they are but why
don't I just try putting it on a surface
and then moving a mouse on top of it and
showing that it's not going to move at
all so there I think I've made my point
now and then this must be the the rough
side so it's got a bit of a texture to
it okay and then the smooth side see you
can hear that's a very different noise
so there's two little tabs here so that
you can pop out the mousepad and change
it on a whim so you just pop it out from
there and I think that's pretty much
everything else there is to say about it
it has a two year warranty and thank you
for checking out my unboxing and first
look at the funk surface 10:30 XL don't
forget to subscribe - technician we're
boxing's reviews and other computer
videos